Want to touch
No, my legs don't look good. No.
Then I want to touch it.
Grandson Lan, stop playing with me
How do you want me to repay you, I promise
This is what you said.
I'm not forcing you.
I'll let you know when I figure it out.
I was molested.
one after another
Can I talk to you?
I don't think it's necessary
But I really have something to tell you.
Ruxuan, you still love me, right?
Can we go back to the past?
Back in time like a dog
Are you around?
Three years.
Do you know what I have endured in the past three years?
To make you happy
I tried my best.
All I gave
It's just a joke in your eyes
You just want to talk about my pursuit of you
You don't take me to heart at all
Lin Siyu
I'm telling you right now I can't go back
I don't love you anymore
Lu Xuan, I was wrong.
Don't leave me, okay?
What happened to Team Leader Jiang?
OK, see you later.